README.md, before:

PUGXBusFormBundle
=================

This bundle provides a mechanism to automatically handle commands in forms with SimpleBus.

The original idea is explained in [this issue](https://github.com/SimpleBus/SymfonyBridge/issues/38#issuecomment-264205865).

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/pugx/bus-form-bundle/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/pugx/bus-form-bundle)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/coverage)

Documentation
-------------

[Read the documentation](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/docs/index.md)

Installation
------------

All the installation instructions are located in [documentation](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/docs/index.md).

License
-------

This bundle is released under the LGPL license. See the [complete license text](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/LICENSE).

About
-----

PUGXAutocompleterBundle is a [PUGX](http://pugx.org/) initiative.


Reporting an issue or a feature request
---------------------------------------

Issues and feature requests are tracked in the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/issues).

When reporting a bug, it may be a good idea to reproduce it in a basic project
built using the [Symfony Standard Edition](https://github.com/symfony/symfony-standard)
with PUGXBusFormBundle installed, to allow developers of the bundle to reproduce the issue by simply cloning it
and following some steps.

Commit message:

✨ allow Symfony Messenger as alternate to SimpleBus

README.md, after:

PUGXBusFormBundle
=================

This bundle provides a mechanism to automatically manager commands in forms with a command bus
(SimpleBus or Symfony Messenger).

The original idea is explained in [this issue](https://github.com/SimpleBus/SymfonyBridge/issues/38#issuecomment-264205865).

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/pugx/bus-form-bundle/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/pugx/bus-form-bundle)
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/coverage)

Documentation
-------------

[Read the documentation](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/docs/index.md)

Installation
------------

All the installation instructions are located in
[documentation](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/docs/index.md).

License
-------

This bundle is released under the LGPL license.
See the [complete license text](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/tree/master/LICENSE).

About
-----

PUGXAutocompleterBundle is a [PUGX](http://pugx.org/) initiative.


Reporting an issue or a feature request
---------------------------------------

Issues and feature requests are tracked in the [Github issue tracker](https://github.com/PUGX/PUGXBusFormBundle/issues).

When reporting a bug, it may be a good idea to reproduce it in a basic project
built using [Symfony demo](https://github.com/symfony/demo)
with PUGXBusFormBundle installed, to allow maintainers to reproduce the issue by simply cloning such project
and following some steps.
